dime(1) -- Command line tool for Dark Internet Mail Environment
====

## SYNOPSIS

`dime *command* [ *command-args* ] [ *command-options* ]`

## DESCRIPTION

The `dime` command offers a
command-line interface for generating, verifying, signing, encrypting, and
decrypting Dark Internet Mail Environment messages in DMIME format.

DMIME messages sprcify an (A)uthor, (O)rigin, (D)estination, and (R)ecipient. Each AODR entity
has an associated signet containing cryptographic keys for encryption or signing. Each of these 
signets can be provided in PEM encoded files or resolved over the network. If the signets
are unavailable, the appropriate key can be provided in a PEM encoded file.

## COMMANDS

--create
	Create a DMIME message.	Must specify a `--msg` file. All signet information will be
	inferred from the specified author and recipient addresses unless `--no-signet` is
	specified.

-d, --dump
	Produce a concise textual listing of a DMIME message.

-p, --parse
	A version of the `--dump` command with output formatted for human inspection and
	showing the logical structure of the message.

--sign
	Sign a DMIME message, given a subset of AODR signets or keys.
		
-v, --verify
	Verify the logical structure of a DMIME message, including the AODR slots.

--verify-org
	Verify the logical structure of a DMIME message using only the organizational signets
	or signing keys.

## COMMAND ARGUMENTS

--author-signet *file*
	Specify a file containing the author's signet.

--author-key *file*
	Specify a file containing the signing key of the mail author.

--destination-key *file*
	Specify a file containing the recipient's organizational signing key.

--destination-signet *file*
	Specify a file containing the organizational signet of the recipient's organization.

--msg *file*
	Write the DMIME message to the specified file.

--origin-key *file*
	Specify a file containing the author's organizational signing key.

--origin-signet *file*
	Specify a file containing the organizational signet of the author's organization.

--recipient-key *file*
	Specify a file containing the public encryption key of the recipient's mailbox.

--recipient-signet *file*
	Specify a file containing the signet of the recipient's mailbox.

## COMMAND OPTIONS

--disable-verification
	Turns off the verification of the DMIME message AODR slots.

--no-signet
	Do not infer any signet information from the message's author and recipient email
	addresses. The associated AODR slots will be zero filled unless explicity provided.

--verbose
	Provide expanded information.

## EXAMPLES

## DIAGNOSTICS

